README.md, before:

# Maths for Machine Learning BootCamp 2024
This repo will contain all the relevant materials for the WiMLDS Accra Maiden Maths Bootcamp with AIMS Ghana.

![Promotional Flyer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WiMLDS-Ghana/MathsBootCamp24/main/flyer.jpeg)



# Introduction

Welcome to The Mathematics for Machine Learning BootCamp, a dynamic collaboration between [Accra Women in Machine Learning & Data Science (WiMLDS)](http://wimlds.org/about-the-accra-team/) and the [African Institute of Mathematical Sciences (AIMS)](https://aims.edu.gh).  Our focus is on current university students, undergraduates or graduates aspiring to deepen their grasp of mathematics in the context of machine learning, this program promises an enriching learning experience.

The BootCamp is structured to include two-hour session for 4 consecutive Sundays (i.e 2 hours every Sunday) focused on essential Machine Learning topics crucial for foundational understanding. To enhance learning, the program integrates practical applications, providing students with an opportunity to explore real-world implementations of the curriculum. Furthermore, the course includes assignments to evaluate students' comprehension and incorporates a capstone project, which serves as a valuable addition to their career portfolios. 

# Preliminary Materials

- [Introduction To Python](URL "Optional Title")
- [Introduction To Collabs](URL "Optional Title")


# Curriculum
1. Introduction to Linear Algebra
      -  Vectors & vector spaces
      -  Matrix operations
      -  Eigenvalues & Eigenvectors
      -  Use Case in PCA
   
2. Introduction to Probability Theory
     - Discrete & Continuous Probability Distributions
     - Measures of central tendencies
     - Inferential Statistics(Hypothesis testing)
     -  Use cases in descriptive statistics and interpretations of different distribution types

3. Introduction to Optimization
    - Cost functions
    - Gradient Descent
    - Use case of gradient descent in optimizing a function


# Bootcamp Materials
| Week  | Slides | Code | Recording |
|----------|----------|----------| ----------|
| Week 1 | [Title](URL "Optional Title") | [Collab](URL "Optional Title") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|
| Week 2 | [Title](URL "Optional Title") | [Collab](URL "Optional Title") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|
| Week 3 | [Title](URL "Optional Title") | [Collab](URL "Optional Title") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|
| Week 4 | [Title](URL "Optional Title") | [Collab](URL "Optional Title") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|

# Resources
 - Machine Learning Books
    - [ Book 1](URL "Optional Title")
    - [ Book 2](URL "Optional Title")
 - Repositories
    -  [ Book 1](URL "Optional Title")
    - [ Book 2](URL "Optional Title")
- Others

Commit message:

I updated the readme file with the links to the various slides and notes and also added the books and other resources used

README.md, after:

# Maths for Machine Learning BootCamp 2024
This repo will contain all the relevant materials for the WiMLDS Accra Maiden Maths Bootcamp with AIMS Ghana.

![Promotional Flyer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WiMLDS-Ghana/MathsBootCamp24/main/flyer.jpeg)



# Introduction

Welcome to The Mathematics for Machine Learning BootCamp, a dynamic collaboration between [Accra Women in Machine Learning & Data Science (WiMLDS)](http://wimlds.org/about-the-accra-team/) and the [African Institute of Mathematical Sciences (AIMS)](https://aims.edu.gh).  Our focus is on current university students, undergraduates or graduates aspiring to deepen their grasp of mathematics in the context of machine learning, this program promises an enriching learning experience.

The BootCamp is structured to include two-hour session for 4 consecutive Sundays (i.e 2 hours every Sunday) focused on essential Machine Learning topics crucial for foundational understanding. To enhance learning, the program integrates practical applications, providing students with an opportunity to explore real-world implementations of the curriculum. Furthermore, the course includes assignments to evaluate students' comprehension and incorporates a capstone project, which serves as a valuable addition to their career portfolios. 

# Preliminary Materials

- [Introduction To Python](https://github.com/Emmanuel-Afrifa/MathsBootCamp24/blob/main/introduction_to_python.ipynb)
- [Introduction To Jupyter Notebooks (Specifically, Google Colab)](https://github.com/Emmanuel-Afrifa/MathsBootCamp24/blob/main/intro_to_jupyter_notebook.ipynb)


# Curriculum
1. Introduction to Linear Algebra
      -  Vectors & vector spaces
      -  Matrix operations
      -  Eigenvalues & Eigenvectors
      -  Use Case in PCA
   
2. Introduction to Probability Theory
     - Discrete & Continuous Probability Distributions
     - Measures of central tendencies
     - Inferential Statistics(Hypothesis testing)
     -  Use cases in descriptive statistics and interpretations of different distribution types

3. Introduction to Optimization
    - Cost functions
    - Gradient Descent
    - Use case of gradient descent in optimizing a function

4. Introduction to Machine Learning
    - Concept of Machine Learning and Types
    - Machine Learning Workflow
    - Linear Regression Models
    - Logistic Regression Models
    


# Bootcamp Materials
| Week  | Slides | Code | Recording |
|----------|----------|----------| ----------|
| Week 1 | [Introduction to Linear Algebar](https://github.com/Emmanuel-Afrifa/MathsBootCamp24/blob/main/Week_1_Introduction_To_Linear_Algebra.pdf "link to pdf file") | [Collab](URL "Optional Title") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|
| Week 2 | [Introduction to Probability Theory](https://github.com/Emmanuel-Afrifa/MathsBootCamp24/blob/main/Week_2_Introduction_To_Probability_Theory.pdf "link to pdf file") | [Collab](URL "Optional Title") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|
| Week 3 | [Introduction to Optimization](https://github.com/Emmanuel-Afrifa/MathsBootCamp24/blob/main/Week_3_Introduction_to_Optimization.pdf "Optional Title") | [Collab](URL "link to pdf file") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|
| Week 4 | [Introduction to Machine Learning](https://github.com/Emmanuel-Afrifa/MathsBootCamp24/blob/main/Week_4_Introduction_To_Machine_Learning.pdf "link to pdf file") | [Collab](URL "Optional Title") | [Recording Link](URL "Optional Title")|

# Resources
 - Machine Learning Books
    - [The hundred-page machine learning book by Burkov, A. (2019).](https://order-papers.com/sites/default/files/tmp/webform/order_download/pdf-the-hundred-page-machine-learning-book-andriy-burkov-pdf-download-free-book-d835289.pdf)
    - [Introduction to machine learning with Python: a guide for data scientists by Müller, A. C., & Guido, S. (2016)](https://smartnet.niua.org/sites/default/files/webform/ai-strategy/pdf-introduction-to-machine-learning-with-python-a-guide-for-data-sc-andreas-c-mller-sarah-guido-pdf-download-free-book-aa67cdb.pdf)
    - [ Data science from scratch: first principles with python by Grus, J. (2019).](http://www.ir.juit.ac.in:8080/jspui/bitstream/123456789/5371/1/Data%20Science%20from%20Scratch%20First%20Principles%20with%20Python%20by%20Joel%20Grus.pdf)
    - [Hands-on machine learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow by Géron, A. (2022).](https://www.stembook.org/sites/default/files/scf_members_attachment/pdf-hands-on-machine-learning-with-scikit-learn-keras-and-tensorflo-aurlien-gron-pdf-download-free-book-e25751f.pdf)
